about.md, before:

---
title: About the Code Sprint
menu_title: About
menu_icon: globe2
---

The IOOS Code Sprint is a 4-day, hackathon-style event, organized by the Great Lakes Observing System (GLOS) and the Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS) Office. Over the course of the event, teams of developers, academic researchers, and community members will work on projects that address pressing data and information challenges. Projects will relate to the IOOS mission to produce, integrate, and communicate high quality ocean, coastal and Great Lakes information that meets the safety, economic, and stewardship needs of the Nation.

## The organising team

{:.lead}
To contact us about the Code Sprint, please email:
{% comment %}<mathew.biddle@noaa.gov>{% endcomment %}

<table class="team-list">
    <tr>
        <td>
            <img alt="Mathew Biddle" src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/team/Matt.png">
        </td>
        <td>
            <strong>Mathew Biddle</strong>
            <span class="profile-links">
                <a title="Profile &amp; contact" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4897-1669"><i class="bi bi-person-lines-fill"></i></a>
                <a title="GitHub" href="https://github.com/MathewBiddle/"><i class="bi bi-github"></i></a>
                <a title="Twitter" href="https://twitter.com/biddle_mathew"><i class="bi bi-twitter"></i></a>
            </span>
            <br>Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS)
            <br>National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

adding map to registration updating about to include GLOS adding more information to projects

about.md, after:

---
title: About the Code Sprint
menu_title: About
menu_icon: globe2
---

* Table of contents
{:toc}

## The event
The IOOS Code Sprint is a 4-day, hackathon-style event, organized by the Great Lakes Observing System (GLOS) and the Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS) Office. Over the course of the event, teams of developers, academic researchers, and community members will work on projects that address pressing data and information challenges. Projects will relate to the IOOS mission to produce, integrate, and communicate high quality ocean, coastal and Great Lakes information that meets the safety, economic, and stewardship needs of the Nation.

## About GLOS

Creating a better informed and more confident Great Lakes community where everyone knows what’s happening in the water. We put lake information into peoples’ hands in support of the [Smart Great Lakes vision](https://glos.org/priorities/smart-great-lakes/). 

A bi-national nonprofit, GLOS provides end-to-end data services that support science, policy, management, and industry in the U.S. and Canada. Whether deciding to venture out on a boat or confronting the effects of climate change, we want to equip observers with high-quality, up-to-date lake information from the region’s observing network.

## The organizing team

{:.lead}
To contact us about the Code Sprint, please email:
{% comment %}<mathew.biddle@noaa.gov>{% endcomment %}

<table class="team-list">
    <tr>
        <td>
            <img alt="Mathew Biddle" src="{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/team/Matt.png">
        </td>
        <td>
            <strong>Mathew Biddle</strong>
            <span class="profile-links">
                <a title="Profile &amp; contact" href="https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4897-1669"><i class="bi bi-person-lines-fill"></i></a>
                <a title="GitHub" href="https://github.com/MathewBiddle/"><i class="bi bi-github"></i></a>
                <a title="Twitter" href="https://twitter.com/biddle_mathew"><i class="bi bi-twitter"></i></a>
            </span>
            <br>Integrated Ocean Observing System (IOOS)
            <br>National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
        </td>
    </tr>
</table>
