agenda.md, before:

---
title: Code Sprint agenda
menu_title: Agenda
menu_icon: clock
---

## Day 1 - Monday April 25

{:.agenda}
Time (CST)    | Activity | Google Meet | Pendry Room
------------- | -------- | ---- | ----
12:00 - 13:00 | Registration desk open |  |  |
13:00 – 14:00 | **Code Sprint Introduction/Logistics**<br>IOOS<br>GLOS | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
14:00 - 14:30 | **Participant Introductions**<br>Virtual<br>In-person | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
14:30 – 15:30 | **Sprint Pitches**<br>[Topics](https://ioos.github.io/ioos-code-sprint/topics/) | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
15:30 - 16:00 | Break | | Michigan Ballroom |
16:00 - 17:00 | **Collaboration** | breakout rooms/Slack | Michigan Ballroom |
16:30 – 17:00 | **End of Day/Social Activities** |  |

## Day 2 - Tuesday April 26

{:.agenda}
Time (CST)    | Activity | Google Meet | Pendry Room
------------- | -------- | ---- | ----
08:00 – 09:00 | Breakfast/Coffee | main room | Michigan Ballroom | 
09:00 - 09:15 | **Daily kickoff** | main room | |
09:15 – 11:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
11:00 – 12:00 | Lunch break | |
12:00 – 16:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
16:00 – 17:00 | **Daily Recap/Lightning Talks** | main room | Salon 1 & 2 |

## Day 3 - Wednesday April 27

{:.agenda}
Time (CST)    | Activity | Google Meet | Pendry Room
------------- | -------- | ---- | ----
08:00 – 09:00 | Breakfast/Coffee | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
09:00 - 09:15 | **Daily kickoff** | main room | |
09:15 – 11:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
11:00 – 12:00 | Lunch break |  |
12:00 – 16:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
16:00 – 17:00 | **Daily Recap/Lightning Talks** | main room | Salon 1 & 2 |

## Day 4 - Thursday April 28

__GLOS annual meeting starts at noon.__

{:.agenda}
Time (CST)    | Activity | Google Meet | Pendry Room
------------- | -------- | ---- | ----
08:00 – 09:00 | Breakfast/Coffee | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
09:00 - 09:15 | **Daily kickoff** | main room | |
09:15 – 10:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
10:00 – 11:00 | **Report outs/Closing Discussion** | main room | Michigan Ballroom |

Commit message:

Added more Glosapalooza info
@MathewBiddle let me know if this is too much to post here. I mainly want to make sure folks know the options.

agenda.md, after:

---
title: Code Sprint agenda
menu_title: Agenda
menu_icon: clock
---

## Day 1 - Monday April 25

{:.agenda}
Time (CST)    | Activity | Google Meet | Pendry Room
------------- | -------- | ---- | ----
12:00 - 13:00 | Registration desk open |  |  |
13:00 – 14:00 | **Code Sprint Introduction/Logistics**<br>IOOS<br>GLOS | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
14:00 - 14:30 | **Participant Introductions**<br>Virtual<br>In-person | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
14:30 – 15:30 | **Sprint Pitches**<br>[Topics](https://ioos.github.io/ioos-code-sprint/topics/) | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
15:30 - 16:00 | Break | | Michigan Ballroom |
16:00 - 17:00 | **Collaboration** | breakout rooms/Slack | Michigan Ballroom |
16:30 – 17:00 | **End of Day/Social Activities** |  |

## Day 2 - Tuesday April 26

{:.agenda}
Time (CST)    | Activity | Google Meet | Pendry Room
------------- | -------- | ---- | ----
08:00 – 09:00 | Breakfast/Coffee | main room | Michigan Ballroom | 
09:00 - 09:15 | **Daily kickoff** | main room | |
09:15 – 11:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
11:00 – 12:00 | Lunch break | |
12:00 – 16:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
16:00 – 17:00 | **Daily Recap/Lightning Talks** | main room | Salon 1 & 2 |

## Day 3 - Wednesday April 27

{:.agenda}
Time (CST)    | Activity | Google Meet | Pendry Room
------------- | -------- | ---- | ----
08:00 – 09:00 | Breakfast/Coffee | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
09:00 - 09:15 | **Daily kickoff** | main room | |
09:15 – 11:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
11:00 – 12:00 | Lunch break |  |
12:00 – 16:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
16:00 – 17:00 | **Daily Recap/Lightning Talks** | main room | Salon 1 & 2 |


__All Code Sprint participants are invited to attend to a Great Lakes Networking Reception hosted by Mazarine Ventures at 5:30 PM. [Register for free.](https://glos.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Reception-by-Mazarine-Ventures-Glosapalooza.pdf) __

## Day 4 - Thursday April 28

__All Code Sprint participants are invited to attend to the Annual Meeting starting at noon, followed by a launch party for GLOS' Seagull platform. [Learn more and register](https://glos.org/glosapalooza/) __

{:.agenda}
Time (CST)    | Activity | Google Meet | Pendry Room
------------- | -------- | ---- | ----
08:00 – 09:00 | Breakfast/Coffee | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
09:00 - 09:15 | **Daily kickoff** | main room | |
09:15 – 10:00 | **Breakout groups**<br>Recap and continue working on projects | breakout rooms | Salon 1, 2, 3, and 5 |
10:00 – 11:00 | **Report outs/Closing Discussion** | main room | Michigan Ballroom |
