registration.md, before:

---
title: Code Sprint registration
menu_title: Registration
menu_icon: clipboard-check
---

{:.lead}
Participation is open to the IOOS community. The closing date for
registration is **31 March 2022**.


The Code Sprint will begin at 1 PM CST on Monday, April 25 and run until 11 AM CST on Thursday, April 28 (see the [agenda]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link agenda.md %}) for more details). The event will be hybrid with both in-person (in Chicago, Illinois) and virtual participants. The registration form for the event can be found below.

{% if site.registration_status == 'open' %}
  [Complete the registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeGrLQy9nlWRdNNnffV80sCgUMmd85_n_3iCpiy43GuuY30zw/viewform?usp=sf_link){:.btn target="_blank"}
{% elsif site.registration_status == 'closed' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration has closed</a>
{% elsif site.registration_status == 'soon' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration opens soon</a>
{% endif %}

## Travel

The Great Lakes Observing System will be hosting the Code Sprint and will provide $1,500 travel voucher for those in-person attendees who need them.  The travel voucher will be paid with check in advance of the event. The in-person event will be held at The Pendry Chicago, see map below.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d5940.506303121107!2d-87.62575596218389!3d41.88740589135664!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x880e2d4baf8536a5%3A0x84aad57b4460fe5b!2sPendry%20Chicago!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1646413120630!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>

Please note the following: 

1. The Pendry Hotel rate is $249.00 plus taxes and fees. [About the Pendry Hotel](https://book.passkey.com/go/GLOS2022)
2. **COVID Policy:** We will abide by City of Chicago and CDC guidelines. In addition, all attendees will be required to show proof of vaccination when they arrive at the venue and to wear masks for the duration of the event except when eating or drinking. 
   1. [City of Chicago guidelines](https://www.chicago.gov/city/en/sites/covid-19/home/latest-guidance.html)
   2. [CDC guidelines](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/community/large-events/considerations-for-events-gatherings.html)

To start the process, complete the form below. 
{% if site.registration_status == 'open' %}
  [Complete the Travel Voucher form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/0FAIpQLSe-6zdeZStmn7GJ_RKF7RP5Nqe-D-c-SzongAow8u1mwGUWOA/viewform){:.btn target="_blank"}
{% elsif site.registration_status == 'closed' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration has closed</a>
{% elsif site.registration_status == 'soon' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration opens soon</a>
{% endif %}
[faq]: {% link faq.md %}

Commit message:

add block rate link for pendry

registration.md, after:

---
title: Code Sprint registration
menu_title: Registration
menu_icon: clipboard-check
---

{:.lead}
Participation is open to the IOOS community. The closing date for
registration is **31 March 2022**.


The Code Sprint will begin at 1 PM CST on Monday, April 25 and run until 11 AM CST on Thursday, April 28 (see the [agenda]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link agenda.md %}) for more details). The event will be hybrid with both in-person (in Chicago, Illinois) and virtual participants. The registration form for the event can be found below.

{% if site.registration_status == 'open' %}
  [Complete the registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeGrLQy9nlWRdNNnffV80sCgUMmd85_n_3iCpiy43GuuY30zw/viewform?usp=sf_link){:.btn target="_blank"}
{% elsif site.registration_status == 'closed' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration has closed</a>
{% elsif site.registration_status == 'soon' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration opens soon</a>
{% endif %}

## Travel

The Great Lakes Observing System will be hosting the Code Sprint and will provide $1,500 travel voucher for those in-person IOOS RA’s and partners who need them.  The travel voucher will be paid with check in advance of the event. The in-person event will be held at The Pendry Chicago, see map below.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d5940.506303121107!2d-87.62575596218389!3d41.88740589135664!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x880e2d4baf8536a5%3A0x84aad57b4460fe5b!2sPendry%20Chicago!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1646413120630!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>

Please note the following: 

1. The Pendry Hotel rate is $249.00 plus taxes and fees. [About the Pendry Hotel](https://book.passkey.com/go/GLOS2022)
   1. Book using the block rate at the [Pendry Chicago](https://www.pendry.com/chicago/) using [this link](https://book.passkey.com/go/GLOS2022) by **Monday, April 4**.
3. **COVID Policy:** We will abide by City of Chicago and CDC guidelines. In addition, all attendees will be required to show proof of vaccination when they arrive at the venue and to wear masks for the duration of the event except when eating or drinking. 
   1. [City of Chicago guidelines](https://www.chicago.gov/city/en/sites/covid-19/home/latest-guidance.html)
   2. [CDC guidelines](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/community/large-events/considerations-for-events-gatherings.html)

To start the process, complete the form below. 
{% if site.registration_status == 'open' %}
  [Complete the Travel Voucher form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/0FAIpQLSe-6zdeZStmn7GJ_RKF7RP5Nqe-D-c-SzongAow8u1mwGUWOA/viewform){:.btn target="_blank"}
{% elsif site.registration_status == 'closed' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration has closed</a>
{% elsif site.registration_status == 'soon' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration opens soon</a>
{% endif %}
[faq]: {% link faq.md %}
