resources/event-checklist.md, before:

---
title: Hackathon event checklist
date: 2021-05-14
authors:
 - "[James Thomas](https://github.com/jatonline/) ([Jean Golding Institute](https://www.bristol.ac.uk/golding/))"
layout: resource
---

<div class="lead" markdown="1">
# A checklist for activities required in the run-up to a hackathon event

An at-a-glace guide to the key activities required when organising a hackathon,
including links to relevant resources and templates.
</div>

{:.alt-table}
Date              | Action
---               | ---
4 months before   | Engage with JASMIN, check dates do not clash with other events and timescales are workable 
                  | Request research topic idea from researchers
---               | ---                  
3 months before   | Finalise [proposed research topics]({% link resources/templates.md %}#project-lead-spreadsheet)
                  | Publish [participant application form]({% link resources/templates.md %}#application-form)
                  | Send [advertising email]({% link resources/templates.md %}#advertising-email)
                  | [Promote on social media]({% link resources/templates.md %}#social-media-sharing-image)
---               | ---                  
2 months before	  | Deadline for participant applications
---               | ---                  
1.5 months before | Finalise [participants]({% link resources/templates.md %}#participant-spreadsheet) and provisionally allocate projects
                  | Send [accept emails]({% link resources/templates.md %}#participant-acceptance-email) and [decline emails]({% link resources/templates.md %}#participant-decline-email) to applicants
                  | Request [confirmation of attendance]({% link resources/templates.md %}#participant-further-information-form) at hackathon and pre-hackathon meeting from participants
                  | Ensure project leads have [created a JASMIN account]({% link resources/creating-jasmin-account.md %})
                  | Send calendar invites for pre-hackathon meetings and hackathon to project leads and participants
---               | ---                  
2 weeks before    | Finalise [example notebooks / repositories]({% link resources.md %})
                  | Ensure that [a Group Workspace has been created]({% link resources/creating-jasmin-account.md %}#ensuring-you-have-access-to-the-hackathon-group-workspace) for the hackathon
                  | Hold pre-hackathon meetings with project leads (1 hour) and participants (1.5 hours), outlining [how the hackathon will run]({% link resources/participant-guide.md %}) and the [hackathon agenda]({% link agenda.md %})
                  | Create recurring Zoom meeting for hackathon, with pre-allocated breakout rooms for projects, ensuring participants are muted on entry, can connect without host present and can move freely between breakout rooms
                  | Create [Slack workspace]({% link resources/templates/slack-workspace.md %}), with channels for each project
                  | Create GitHub repository for each project, using [template repository](https://github.com/cmip6moap/project-template)
                  | Create [shared documents]({% link resources/templates/shared-documents.md %}) for online collaboration
                  | Send [project allocations, Slack invite]({% link resources/templates/project-email.md %}) and [participant guide]({% link resources/participant-guide.md %}) to project leads and participants
                  | Ensure participants with their own JASMIN accounts have [requested access to the required services]({% link resources/creating-jasmin-account.md %}#getting-access-to-the-right-services)
                  | Provide list of participants to JASMIN (both those requiring a training account and those already with an account)
                  | Add GitHub usernames of participants to their project repositories
---               | ---                  
1 week before     | Training accounts set-up by JASMIN
                  | Provide drop-in sessions with participants, ensuring they can connect
                  | Check there are contingencies in case of connection issues, including alternate host on Zoom
---               | ---                  
Hackathon date    | Make sure the Zoom meeting can be joined without going via the waiting room
                  | Ensure the code of conduct is signposted at the start
                  | Monitor **#help channel** on Slack and shared mailbox for queries or code of conduct issues
                  | Made sure the feedback form is sent round at the end
---               | ---                  
1 week after      | Remind participants to move data off system

Commit message:

cleaning out templates, event checklist and code of conduct

resources/event-checklist.md, after:

---
title: Code Sprint event checklist
date: 2022-03-02
authors:
 - "[someone](https://github.com/)"
layout: resource
---

<div class="lead" markdown="1">
# A checklist for activities required in the run-up to the Code Sprint event

An at-a-glace guide to the key activities required when organising the Code Sprint,
including links to relevant resources and templates.
</div>

{:.alt-table}
Date              | Action
---               | ---
4 months before   | Engage with JASMIN, check dates do not clash with other events and timescales are workable 
                  | Request research topic idea from researchers
---               | ---                  
3 months before   | Finalise [proposed research topics]({% link resources/templates.md %}#project-lead-spreadsheet)
                  | Publish [participant application form]({% link resources/templates.md %}#application-form)
                  | Send [advertising email]({% link resources/templates.md %}#advertising-email)
                  | [Promote on social media]({% link resources/templates.md %}#social-media-sharing-image)
---               | ---                  
2 months before	  | Deadline for participant applications
---               | ---                  
1.5 months before | Finalise [participants]({% link resources/templates.md %}#participant-spreadsheet) and provisionally allocate projects
                  | Send [accept emails]({% link resources/templates.md %}#participant-acceptance-email) and [decline emails]({% link resources/templates.md %}#participant-decline-email) to applicants
                  | Request [confirmation of attendance]({% link resources/templates.md %}#participant-further-information-form) at hackathon and pre-hackathon meeting from participants
                  | Send calendar invites for pre-hackathon meetings and hackathon to project leads and participants
---               | ---                  
2 weeks before    | Finalise [example notebooks / repositories]({% link resources.md %})
                  | Ensure that [a Group Workspace has been created]({% link resources/creating-jasmin-account.md %}#ensuring-you-have-access-to-the-hackathon-group-workspace) for the hackathon
                  | Hold pre-hackathon meetings with project leads (1 hour) and participants (1.5 hours), outlining [how the hackathon will run]({% link resources/participant-guide.md %}) and the [hackathon agenda]({% link agenda.md %})
                  | Create recurring Zoom meeting for hackathon, with pre-allocated breakout rooms for projects, ensuring participants are muted on entry, can connect without host present and can move freely between breakout rooms
                  | Create [Slack workspace]({% link resources/templates/slack-workspace.md %}), with channels for each project
                  | Create GitHub repository for each project, using [template repository](https://github.com/cmip6moap/project-template)
                  | Create [shared documents]({% link resources/templates/shared-documents.md %}) for online collaboration
                  | Send [project allocations, Slack invite]({% link resources/templates/project-email.md %}) and [participant guide]({% link resources/participant-guide.md %}) to project leads and participants
                  | Add GitHub usernames of participants to their project repositories
---               | ---                  
1 week before     | Provide drop-in sessions with participants, ensuring they can connect
                  | Check there are contingencies in case of connection issues, including alternate host on Zoom
---               | ---                  
Hackathon date    | Make sure the Zoom meeting can be joined without going via the waiting room
                  | Ensure the code of conduct is signposted at the start
                  | Monitor **#help channel** on Slack and shared mailbox for queries or code of conduct issues
                  | Made sure the feedback form is sent round at the end
---               | ---                  
1 week after      | Remind participants to move data off system
