2022/track-list.md, before:

# Code Sprint tracks for 2022

This is the development page for topic ideas during the 2022 IOOS Code Sprint. Each header below identifies a track during the code sprint (essentially the room each group will be in). Within each track, various topics are identified for sprint projects.

If you have a topic you would like to focus on during a track, we recommend that you submit an [issue](https://github.com/ioos/ioos-code-sprint/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=code-sprint-project-proposal.md&title=Project+title) to this repository, identifying the scope of that topic. This will help ensure each code sprint topic has a plan that can be executed during the code sprint week. 

Expectations for topic leads: Leads are expected to identify a short plan for the code sprint topic, establish a team, and take the lead on executing said plan. 

*We've populated the tracks below with topics from the initial survey and registration forms. These topics are open for further discussion.*

## ERDDAP
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|------|
| Using ERDDAP in the IOOS RA/DAC archive pipelines. | https://github.com/ioos/ioos-atn-data/issues/28 | @MathewBiddle | 6 hrs? |
| ERDDAP server best practices (talk) |  |  |  |
| User documentation on "how to get started with your erddap server" (sprint) | https://github.com/ioos/ioos-code-sprint/issues/4 | @joe-smithe-glos | <= 1 day |
| Tools for easing data integration into ERDDAP |  |  |  |
| ERDDAP integration |  |  |  |

## General Python
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|-----|
| Ioos_qc implementation |  |  |  |
| strategies for querying/visualizing gridded data (pygeoapi, stac, xarray) as outputs get larger (higher resolution, more variables) |  |  |  |
| IOOS Compliance Checker refactor and documentation/examples for plugins | https://github.com/ioos/ioos-code-sprint/issues/2 | @benjwadams | | 


## Biology/Ecology
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|-----|
| Update the robis package |  |  |  |
| Update the pyworms package |  |  |  |
| Darwin Core training |  |  |  |
| Enhance robis MoF response |  |  |  |
| Biodata tools |  |  |  |
| Biodiversity indicator development from open source data & visualization/analysis of indicators. |  |  |  |
| Biodiversity assessment |  |  |  |

## Cloud
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|----|
| Geospatial and Metadata |  |  |  |
| Front end JavaScript (React) |  |  |  |
| Python as it pertains to cloud/IoT |  |  |  |

## IoT
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|----|
| Python as it pertains to IoT |  |  |  |

## Metadata
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|-----|
| mapping an ISO metadata record to EML |  |  |  |

Commit message:

Adding hmoustahfid-NOAA as participant

2022/track-list.md, after:

# Code Sprint tracks for 2022

This is the development page for topic ideas during the 2022 IOOS Code Sprint. Each header below identifies a track during the code sprint (essentially the room each group will be in). Within each track, various topics are identified for sprint projects.

If you have a topic you would like to focus on during a track, we recommend that you submit an [issue](https://github.com/ioos/ioos-code-sprint/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=code-sprint-project-proposal.md&title=Project+title) to this repository, identifying the scope of that topic. This will help ensure each code sprint topic has a plan that can be executed during the code sprint week. 

Expectations for topic leads: Leads are expected to identify a short plan for the code sprint topic, establish a team, and take the lead on executing said plan. 

*We've populated the tracks below with topics from the initial survey and registration forms. These topics are open for further discussion.*

## ERDDAP
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|------|
| Using ERDDAP in the IOOS RA/DAC archive pipelines. | https://github.com/ioos/ioos-atn-data/issues/28 | @MathewBiddle | 6 hrs? |
| ERDDAP server best practices (talk) |  |  |  |
| User documentation on "how to get started with your erddap server" (sprint) | https://github.com/ioos/ioos-code-sprint/issues/4 | @joe-smithe-glos | <= 1 day |
| Tools for easing data integration into ERDDAP |  |  |  |
| ERDDAP integration |  |  |  |

## General Python
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|-----|
| Ioos_qc implementation |  |  |  |
| strategies for querying/visualizing gridded data (pygeoapi, stac, xarray) as outputs get larger (higher resolution, more variables) |  |  |  |
| IOOS Compliance Checker refactor and documentation/examples for plugins | https://github.com/ioos/ioos-code-sprint/issues/2 | @benjwadams | | 


## Biology/Ecology
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|-----|
| General | | @hmoustahfid-NOAA interested in participating, is seeking lead |  |
| Update the robis package |  |  |  |
| Update the pyworms package |  |  |  |
| Darwin Core training |  |  |  |
| Enhance robis MoF response |  |  |  |
| Biodata tools |  |  |  |
| Biodiversity indicator development from open source data & visualization/analysis of indicators. |  |  |  |
| Biodiversity assessment |  |  |  |

## Cloud
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|----|
| Geospatial and Metadata |  |  |  |
| Front end JavaScript (React) |  |  |  |
| Python as it pertains to cloud/IoT |  |  |  |

## IoT
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|----|
| Python as it pertains to IoT |  |  |  |

## Metadata
|**Topics within track**|**links**|**lead**|**duration**|
|---------------|---------|--------|-----|
| mapping an ISO metadata record to EML |  |  |  |
