_registrations/2024-05-01-registration.md, before:

---
title: Code Sprint registration
menu_title: Registration
menu_icon: clipboard-check
layout: default
year: 2024
---

{:.lead}
Participation is open to the IOOS community. 
The closing date for registration is **April 20, 2024**.


The Code Sprint will begin at 9 AM EDT on Tuesday, May 21 and run until 5pm EDT on Thursday, May 23 (see the [agenda]({{ site.baseurl }}/2024/agenda) for more details). 
The event will be hybrid with both in-person (in Washington D.C.) and virtual participants. 
The registration form for the event can be found below.

{% if site.registration_status_2024 == 'open' %}
  [Complete the registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe9FGPsq3wntERhooG38pW-TsDB4rJyABh3FjU56kXyJRzsdQ/viewform?usp=sf_link){:.btn target="_blank"}
{% elsif site.registration_status_2024 == 'closed' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration has closed</a>
{% elsif site.registration_status_2024 == 'soon' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration opens soon</a>
{% endif %}

## Travel

The Mid-Atlantic Regional Association Coastal Ocean Observing System (MARACOOS) will be hosting the Code Sprint and will provide travel vouchers for those in-person IOOS RA’s and partners who need them. 
The travel voucher will be paid with check in advance of the event.

The in-person event will be held at The Pitch at The Wharf, Washington D.C., see map below.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3105.93563819019!2d-77.0273608236296!3d38.87971434774677!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89b7b777280bca5f%3A0x137108498cec0fe4!2sThe%20Pitch%20at%20The%20Wharf!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1704294232796!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

Please note the following: 

1. The Canopy by Hilton hotel rate is $289 plus taxes and fees.
   1. Book using the block rate at the [Canopy by Hilton](https://www.hilton.com/en/hotels/dcacupy-canopy-washington-dc-the-wharf/) using [this link](https://www.hilton.com/en/book/reservation/deeplink/?ctyhocn=DCACUPY&groupCode=CCOSP&arrivaldate=2024-05-20&departuredate=2024-05-24&cid=OM,WW,HILTONLINK,EN,DirectLink&fromId=HILTONLINKDIRECT) by **April 20, 2024**.

To start the process to request a travel voucher, complete the form below. 
  
  <a class="btn disabled">Travel Voucher form opens soon...</a>

[faq]: {% link faq.md %}

Commit message:

Update 2024-05-01-registration.md with travel support request details.

_registrations/2024-05-01-registration.md, after:

---
title: Code Sprint registration
menu_title: Registration
menu_icon: clipboard-check
layout: default
year: 2024
---

{:.lead}
Participation is open to the IOOS community. 
The closing date for registration is **April 20, 2024**.


The Code Sprint will begin at 9 AM EDT on Tuesday, May 21 and run until 5pm EDT on Thursday, May 23 (see the [agenda]({{ site.baseurl }}/2024/agenda) for more details). 
The event will be hybrid with both in-person (in Washington D.C.) and virtual participants. 
The registration form for the event can be found below.

{% if site.registration_status_2024 == 'open' %}
  [Complete the registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe9FGPsq3wntERhooG38pW-TsDB4rJyABh3FjU56kXyJRzsdQ/viewform?usp=sf_link){:.btn target="_blank"}
{% elsif site.registration_status_2024 == 'closed' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration has closed</a>
{% elsif site.registration_status_2024 == 'soon' %}
  <a class="btn disabled">Registration opens soon</a>
{% endif %}

## Travel

The Mid-Atlantic Regional Association Coastal Ocean Observing System (MARACOOS) will be hosting the Code Sprint and has some limited funding to provide travel vouchers for those in-person IOOS Regional Association partners in need.   Please indicate your need for travel support and one of the MARACOOS organizer will reach out to you.  If travel support is approved, the travel voucher will be paid with check in advance of the event.

The in-person event will be held at The Pitch at The Wharf, Washington D.C., see map below.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3105.93563819019!2d-77.0273608236296!3d38.87971434774677!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x89b7b777280bca5f%3A0x137108498cec0fe4!2sThe%20Pitch%20at%20The%20Wharf!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1704294232796!5m2!1sen!2sus" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

Please note the following: 

1. The Canopy by Hilton hotel rate is $289 plus taxes and fees.
   1. Book using the block rate at the [Canopy by Hilton](https://www.hilton.com/en/hotels/dcacupy-canopy-washington-dc-the-wharf/) using [this link](https://www.hilton.com/en/book/reservation/deeplink/?ctyhocn=DCACUPY&groupCode=CCOSP&arrivaldate=2024-05-20&departuredate=2024-05-24&cid=OM,WW,HILTONLINK,EN,DirectLink&fromId=HILTONLINKDIRECT) by **April 20, 2024**.

To start the process to request a travel voucher, complete the form below. 
  
  <a class="btn disabled">Travel Voucher form opens soon...</a>

[faq]: {% link faq.md %}
